Redesigned SRTO_GROUPCONNECT option. (#1150)
Haivision/srt: docs/API-functions.md

default **level-triggered**. With `SRT_EPOLL_ET` flag they become
**edge-triggered**. The `SRT_EPOLL_UPDATE` flag is always edge-triggered
and it designates a special event that happens only for a listening
socket that is set the `SRTO_GROUPCONNECT` flag to allow group connections.
This event is predicted for internal use only and it is set ready for group

> connections in case when a new link has been established for the group that is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
socket that has the `SRTO_GROUPCONNECT` flag set to allow group connections.
This event is intended for internal use only, and is set to ready for group
connections when a new link has been established for a group that is
```

default **level-triggered**. With `SRT_EPOLL_ET` flag they become
**edge-triggered**. The `SRT_EPOLL_UPDATE` flag is always edge-triggered
and it designates a special event that happens only for a listening
socket that has the `SRTO_GROUPCONNECT` flag set to allow group connections.

> This event is intended for internal use only, and is set to ready for group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This event is intended for internal use only, and is triggered for group
```
